hello and welcome to the european center
of training we are you know it
the specialist in teaching at
distance with us no longer need you
move to a school you are free
to study from home at your own pace
when you want it according to your
available to the business and
family we will help you
acquire new skills
professionals to find a job
sure exciting useful in which you
you will flourish yes we are here to
help you help you succeed
become part of a community
of 70 thousand students who like you
chose the European Training Center
to succeed you have to study your
course do you rest assured we will stay at your
sides
you will see we have done the maximum
for your learning to be
simple and intuitive complete with this
benefit first of all you will enjoy
our papy classes whose quality and
clarity we make our reputation you
will receive by mail as and when
of your learning
you will also enjoy your
e-learning student space available on
internet how to get there
it's very simple connect on
www.sec.gov a dash formation.fr then
click on space and there you can
thus studied all of your courses
whether by computer with your
tablet but also by mobile it's
very convenient because always available where
whether you are students in peace
will even have a version on the innate of
costs that pick up the essentials
for the exam we designed for you
a whole set of little exercises
very fun these exercises in the form of
game let you train and
to revise at any time it's always
easier to learn while having fun of
video tutorials will complete your
learning and will allow you to
move from theory to practice and
to adopt a gesture
professionals on your student space
you can do your homework
directly online
it's simpler and much more
practice you will also enjoy given
of our teachers they are nice
pedagogue and eager to make you
succeed they will be by your side as soon as your
registration
during your internships and even our
job search when you have
graduated
they are available from the beginnings of your
training from Monday to Friday and this by
phone by email and even in
videoconference without an appointment
directly
finally you will never be alone that this
either on our facebook page or on the
student forum
you will be able to get in touch and
students following the same training as
you exchange on your training your
course and your experiences on these
spaces you will be exchanging with
people from the same region as you
it is a source of mutual aid and
motivation then you are ready to
start your training
we are here to support you and you
help to succeed
we wish a very good training
for paper in the form of binders
obviously remains a safe bet
for you to be studied in a way
effective
here are five tips that will help you
in your organization your conventions
must be completed in good and due
form is sent in three examples too
in hair salons with a
care space you can also